Add section for requesting marketing support (#3739)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/marketing/how-we-work.md

The marketing team creates tasks, stories, and epics just like our engineering
team. The CEO currently does planning in 1:1s with each individual
contributor.

## Requesting Marketing support

If you would like to see the Marketing team create and publish content as a demo, blog post, or social media post, follow these steps:

> 1. Create issues in the Customer repo and put them in the Marketing Department Work Schedule project with 'No Status'. Ensure that requests follow the structure outlined [here](https://flowfuse.com/handbook/marketing/social-media/#requesting-a-social-post).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Create issues in the Customer repo and put them in the Marketing Department Work Schedule project with 'No Status'. If your request is for a social post, ensure that it follows the structure outlined [here](https://flowfuse.com/handbook/marketing/social-media/#requesting-a-social-post).
```

> 1. Create issues in the Customer repo and put them in the Marketing Department Work Schedule project with 'No Status'. Ensure that requests follow the structure outlined [here](https://flowfuse.com/handbook/marketing/social-media/#requesting-a-social-post).

Author: No problem!
